When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    It would be when I wanted to collaborate with other people in their own
    projects. Or I could also use them when I want to share my code with others,
    with the purpose of improving my project or just playing.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    It could happen that when, doing it automatically, a lot of people make 
    changes to the repository and it could change the files in your working 
    directory, bringing changes that, maybe, we woudn't want to add. Whereas, 
    doing it manually you could see all the changes that would be add to your 
    working directory, and in that way you can avoid bugs or logical mistakes in
    your code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks: Like Sara has said before forks are like clones but these only works
    	   in the GitHub's machines. When you make a fork you create a copy of
    	   a repository in your own GitHub account.
    Clones: The clones ocurred just when you clone a repository to your own 
    	    machine, or you make several clones of a repository in a physical
    	    machine.
   	Branches: These are created when we want to make other kind of 
   			  implementations to our code, then we can create a branch and make
   			  all the changes that we would like to do. And go on with more
   			  implementations.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It is useful because with this copy we could be able to know what changes
    would be merge with your current project, or how those changes could affect
    the current project.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    In collaborating with others, first I would ask them for the code of their
    projects, then I would make my changes and send them back the code, with 
    an explation about the new features that I have implemented in their code,
    this could be known like the hardest way to collaborate with others.
    Git and GitHub would be the easiest way to collaborate with others, because
    they offer an easy way to share and visualize code that was changed or added
    by other people, moreover, as we already know Git can show us a complete
    history of all the changes and evolutions of the code, giving us a clear 
    idea about the project.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    I would like to make changes in a separate branch when I wanted to test a 
    new feature in my project or make an experiment.
    Working on master: All is always up to update, and you don't have to be
                       worried for the changes of others, because you are always
                       seeing them.
    Working with branches: This is more organized than just working with master.
                           But it requires a lot of work from the user, because
                           when doing the merges conflicts could appear and then
                           need to be fixed.