What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	In the moment I initialize a repository a hidden file is createad (inside 
	the folder you are) called .git.
	I need to do that because that is way that git works, in other way I think
	that you won't be able to use git and all its characteristics.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?
	
	I think that the staging area is a special place where you put the files 
	that will be committed.
	The staging area could be helpful to know exactly what files should be
	committed.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical 
change?
	
	The staging area could be use like a "pre-commit" because that is the 
	place where we put the things that will be committed.
	So every logical change will be put there, and in the moment we feel that 
	it is correct we will make the commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

	I think that branches would be helpful when we want to apply different 
	ideas to a project. With their help you can create several branches and 
	watch how your ideas look like. If that idea didn't work for us, then we
	could easily go back to the branch master. Or in the case that we would 
	like the new changes we could merge those changes to the branch master.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	They are helpful because I can join different branches of the same project
	to see how this is composed and see how the different persons has 
	contributed to it. And it is also a map to know what is going to be 
	merged.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	When two branches are merged a new branch is created. This new branch 
	mixes the commits of each branch in chronological order, from the newest 
	to the oldest.
	It is very helpful to represent them in diagrams because in that way is 
	easy to see what changes will be do in our project or repository.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Git's automatic merging: 
		Pros: To merge two branches you just need to put four words in the 
			  command line and it is fast.
		Cons: There could be conflicts with the code when merging, specially 
			  when you work with other people's code.
	Manual merging:
		Pros: The conflicts disappear and you can see other people's 
			  contributions, at most, I believe, code.
		Cons: This kind of merging requires time and attention.